If I receive a sum of money for an inheritance
how do I not leap so that what I acquire with this sum of money that
I received
for example bought the house will not be part of conjugal partnership
we value for the following
yes i have today
I'm single
and already in a house
and tomorrow I got married
and after tomorrow
it separates me
that real estate
I acquired it before marriage
and therefore
does not enter society
second
yes i am married today
today I'm married
and tomorrow, Friday, if I get married
on Saturday
acquire a real estate
free of charge
how is the donation or is the inheritance
does not enter the conjugal society either
I'm married
and tomorrow my father dies
and it's my turn to inherit a money
let's say that money
the ape and it would not be to be able to well them those
of the berzo
uu social goods
at the moment that I receive the money
being married
I receive the inheritance money
and I go for you bought a house
at that moment
I'm buying
in symbian property
I'm buying what
with money and therefore that property they want to return
if it would happen to be
of the social vega
today those social assets at the moment that there is a dissolution and liquidation
of that conjugal society
the question then that they make us a user is
is married
will receive a money as an inheritance
but with that money
is going to buy a house
and he wants that house not to enter the conjugal society
a very difficult conflict
if he bought the house with that money for the mind as I said mantra to see
Social
unless
there are two alternatives the first
when they were married, capitulations were constituted and in the capitulation
agreed expressly to demonstrate capitulations a mutual agreement
between the two between the spouses
in the capitulations
patrimonial was agreed
that money
jump to receive free
as a donation
as a donation for example an inheritance
that money and what is bought with that money will not enter the social market if
That remained in the capitulations
because we should exclude
and there is a second alternative
I really do not share it
mela report that he considered that he is a person who also handles very well
topic
telesur consulting
but I say it and I repeat it with all due respect
I can allow you this idea but I share it
you tell me another expert on law issues
st when you receive the money
that married man
that immediately constituted cdt and I never copied it
until the day people dissolve that marriage after it sometimes I've
made that divorce that dissolution and liquidation now yes
become a veto money and never had to partition it
I do not share that thesis but I pass it on
fandós that will soon be alternative
because anyway
the money I feel the marriage
because when the judge or the notary distributes the money
I'm sorry
when physically if I have to move to a bank to constitute a
cdt at that time
uu
a better income
to my estate that money
and the fact that a cdt is constituted does not mean that that money is outside
of my heritage is still my heritage and how it is here in the
marriage would be part of the conjugal partnership at the time of dissolution
and liquidation